= Firebug Test Runner =

These scripts were created to integrate the Firebug unit tests into
the Mozilla build system.  There are two distinct scripts, one for
downloading the latest Firebug and FBTest extensions and storing them
on a local server; one for running the tests from the local server.


== fb-update.py ==

Note: If the local webserver resides somewhere in the root directory,
this script must be run with root privileges.

This script figures out which versions of Firebug to download by
examining the "http://getfirebug.com/releases/firebug/test-bot.config"
file.  It can be run on a daily or weekly basis to ensure we always
have the latest versions of Firebug.  It will first download the
specified firebug and fbtest extensions.  It will then checkout the
actual test files from the specified revision in SVN and host them on
a local webserver.


== fb-run.py ==

Note: This script requires mozrunner (see 
"http://mikeal.github.com/mozrunner/")

This script looks at the version item in the "fb-test-runner.config"
file.  It will see if the specified extensions exist on the local
webserver and use mozrunner to install them if they do.  It will then
run the tests using the -runFBTests command line argument to Firefox.
For the moment, the profile configuration variable must be set to
Firefox's default profile.


== Server Configuration ==

We need to host the test files on a local webserver to ensure they are
run in the proper context (and to avoid depending on
"http://getfirebug.com", an external server).  To configure the server
do: 

1. sudo apt-get install apache2 # Install apache

2. sudo apt-get install php5 # Install php

3. sudo a2enmod rewrite # Enable mod_rewrite (for .htaccess)

4. sudo gedit /etc/apache2/sites-available/default # Look for
DocumentRoot (it's usually '/var/www' by default)

5. Under '<Directory $DocumentRoot>' change 'AllowOveride' to 'All'

6. sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart # Restart the server

7. sudo rm $DocumentRoot/index.html # Delete the auto-generated index
file

That's it!  You can create your own directory heirarchy for fbtest
root (i.e /var/www/fbtests).  Don't forget to set this location in
'fb-test-runner.config' under [update]->serverpath.

